

------------NE1-------------

The primary complex for the Building Trades Department

There are offices and classrooms in this building, located on the far north side of campus
On the main floor of this building is a dining hall, and the second floor has some discrete
study spaces. The dining hall in NE1 has a small self serve Tim Hortons stand, The Stand, and
the Austin Grill. If you're in the area and need a place to eat and study, or just craving some
Texan style fast food with chipotle sauce, this is the place to drop by.

------------SW1-------------

The main building of BCIT, Burnaby

The Student Services desk resides in this building, and it is the center of campus.
On the main floor of the building, are lecture halls and a medium atrium.
The second floor of the building has a wide range of study spaces and Gateway deli.
The highest floor consists of classrooms and workshops.

------------SW3-------------

The Schools of Contruction, Manufacturing, Computing Health classrooms and offices

This building is generally lecture halls, classrooms, and labs. However, for students in
SW5, this building is also the nearest washrooms. There is a general open study area for students
on the lowest floor, and the building's second floor exit is closest to Tim Hortons - SW12.
In the southwest corner of the highest floor in this building, students may also find a quiet study
area consisting of tables, charging ports, and a "balcony".

------------SW5-------------

Two predominant lecture theatres.

This building is small, but contains a spacious and generally quiet study area. There are not many
outlets in this building, but there are plenty of seats; however, there are no washrooms in this building
so go to SW3 directly across from it.

------------SW9-------------

Mechanical Technologies Building

Mechanical Technologies and Biotechnology building, has a few lecture halls, 5 classrooms and a small lounge.
Mostly heavy equipment used by MTech, 2nd floor is exclusively Biotechnology. Male washrooms are located in the
locker rooms.

------------SE2-------------

The Student Association Building

For students who need to find a place to study, eat, get supplies, or get in touch with the 
Student Association, this is the place to be! The building is best known amongst the students.
In the atrium/dining hall, students will find a wide selection of food Consisting of Triple O'
Town Square Cafe, Bento Sushi, and The Stand. Occassionally the SA will allow for vendors to 
sell specialty foods here too. The front of the building has BCIT's main pub - kitchen - patio:
the Habitat.

Around the building students may find offices and on the floor below, the BCIT Bookstore.

------------SE6-------------

IBM Building - School of business classrooms

The School of Business' main building. Here you will find multiple classrooms and a few lecture halls.
This building is most known for having the Rix Club - a lounge that serves Starbucks Coffee and other
gormet foods.

------------SE12-------------

Learning & Teaching Center, ITS and Computing

This building is mostly computer labs, but also houses the nursing building, Tim hortons, The Stand,
Smokes, and the All Day Breakfast. This building is directly connected to SW3 and SE 14(the library).

------------SE14-------------

Library

The library is a wonderful resource for the students and even include sleeping pods for rent. Students
may find that this is a convenient place to print documents or study. The Library like most has a 
Learning Commons which offers peer tutoring specialized to your program or faculty of choice.

Below the Library is the EhPod which is a 247 study space to students; the EhPod has an explicit entrance
that any student can open as long as they have their student ID card.